I think for me I felt the decision to
make a series of paintings of God was is
really about a representational problem
because there was always the question of
how do you represent this thing that
that is only pictured in fiction or in
in other paintings and so I think
thinking about it like I'm I'm not a
particularly religious person so also
this question of belief comes up but
there's the you know question of like
how do you represent this thing without
calling upon like you know the person
with a beard and you know I was thinking
about it you know when I was a child I
thought that God for sure was orange and
sort of look like Liberace and maybe
like this character this roadside stand
in the town I grew up in Michigan of
this character with a hamburger and so
it was like a lot of pop culture and
specifically from the 80's kind of came
into my idea of like what what God could
look like but the approach in in terms
of making the painting I was really
thinking about it like the
simultaneously like constructing a
subject but also constructing a painting
so they may be the way that I was
approaching them they're very vertical
and enlarged and it felt almost like I
was building something you know it felt
physical in that way and I think that
the approach was maybe more abstract
a lot of the paintings that came from
drawings you know that was making these
drawings and very much concerned with
the edge of the of the framing edge of
the paper and also the the framing edge
of the canvas and I really think of that
edge is like a real thing like it's the
moment where the painting begins to have
this bump up against the world or it
feels this tension from that edge and
and so it's something I really consider
and structuring the paintings they're
very much like inside their their space
and and very compressed I think more so
than maybe other opinions I've made
these paintings feel like there's a lot
of compression going on in terms of the
subject and also like this kind of
frontal address where there's like the
subject is either looking directly at
the viewer or and then when to have that
cuz I feel like that's not a very
narrative thing so a lot of the god
paintings they don't they don't really
have eyes because I felt like at that
point they become too individuated or
you know it's it's a question of like
she and this girl on a horse is just a
girl on the horse I think she's not
she's not God but I felt like there's
something about that painting to me felt
like it was so much more about actually
painting and that kind of action like
fast action coming forward but it sort
of seemed exultant
like she was she's having a good day
you